very good how are you my dear
Channel Lovers welcome one more day
to telesalseo this time I'm going to
tell you the story of Jaime del Burgo the
story of a bomb that Sarsuela has to
deactivate very carefully
surely I hope you've seen it
in the movies and never in real life
but surely you've seen on some
occasion how the specialists who have to
deactivate the bombs go
meticulously very carefully very
slowly they don't have to cut a cable
and if they make a mistake and cut the
wrong cable then their life is at stake well they
are in exactly the same situation
Queen Letizia King Felipe is
completely Sarsuela and of course also on the
other side Jaime del Burgo who is
risking it because he is also in danger
realize that Jaime del Burgo if he takes
a wrong step his life is ruined
but forever and without a solution I'll
tell you what happened and the two
options that Queen Letizia would have
given Jaime del Burgo in fact I
think Jaime would have already chosen one
of these two options how are you family
I'm Javi oliveira  Welcome one more day
to my channel. On this channel you will find out
all the news about the heart of all the
social chronicles and news on TV in
the most entertaining way possible and
I try to be as fast as I can, okay.
The thing is, well, you can't
upload 500,000 videos a day and we have
certain schedules. You can see us here
every day and almost every night
live. Let's get down to business. Leticia has
contacted Jaime del
dos options like that, uh, a little bit of
context. Leticia has been in the
media spotlight all this last
week because on Sunday a
tweet appeared from Mr. Jaime del Burgon where he
published this photograph that you see here
with the following text: love, I'm wearing
your pashmina because it's on, it's
like feeling you by my side, it takes care of me, it
protects me. I'm counting the hours until we
see each other again. I love you, get out
of here, yours, anyway, uh. You have to have a
pair to publish this photo with this
text being Jaime del Burgo, okay, this
photo has already been deleted from Twitter, in
fact, Jaime del Burgo's entire account
has been cleaned up, it's not that they have
deleted the  profile but they have
deleted all the publications and the
context of this photograph Well,
Jaime claims that it is a photo that she
sent to him when she was already married to the king
Apparently all this is published in the
testimony of Jaime del Burgo in the
book by Jaime Peña faithful they had
a relationship before
she was with the king with Felipe he
became interested in her she was a
well-known face already on Spanish television and
he liked her he approached her eh he
gave her advice which by the way although he has
been advising her on some issues and
such back then now apparently
Pilar Eire has said it is not a lawyer in
fact in this same article they call him a
lawyer and it has always been thought that this
man is a lawyer but apparently he
is not okay And that they had a romance in
which he was very excited very
in love with her but that finally
she met him she even wanted to ask him to
marry her but finally she
met Felipe and broke off the relationship there
and left him a bit planted after
this the relationship continued of a beautiful
friendship no eh a very loyal friendship
well best friends no basically and he
marries her sister  of her a long
distance marriage he lives in
Washington eh her sister lives here in
Spain and it's a marriage that didn't make
much sense that it wasn't very good
and that they ended after 7 years La Movida
Well, this man of course when he
publishes this specific photograph a little
more and talks about another relationship with the
queen But now from 2010 to 2014
coinciding let's say it is an
infidelity of Queen Letizia for
King Felipe I personally H if you want
my opinion I don't know if you will agree
here it seems that she is pregnant it seems like
a photo that she sent well
people were saying that this was a photo that
she sent to a family
WhatsApp group and that he is taking it out of
context Okay then uh this week
well the truth is that it has coincided with the fact
that they have not had any they have not had
many events with which they have to
face the press and so on the king if I'm not
mistaken Today is Thursday when I am
recording This video for when you
are watching This video the king is
flying to Argentina probably to
well congratulate and to receive the
new president but
anyway Although  there were
family events and other uh events eh
political or whatever, they don't allow and you already
know personal questions
from the press. I mean if they ask him what
you think about Jaime del Burgo's tweet the
king is going to say I have no idea who
that gentleman is The thing is that yes
sarsuela would have already contacted
Jaime del Burgo and would have told him either
this attitude stops or we take measures
all the measures that can be taken I mean yes it is
possible right to honor yes it is
possible right to privacy yes it is
possible slander yes it is possible everything everything
that is studied that is possible that it is
condemned all the measures we will take
no the Twitter account has already been
completely cleaned I mean there is not a single
publication but come on for me that is on a
legal level If I were the person
offended and attacked it would not be valid for me
we are talking about a tweet that
speaking from memory reached Well I think it
was between 20 and 30 million
views it was a publication that
ran through all the
media not only at the level of
social networks and digital but  that
even in the international media it has
been on the front page we are talking about that they have
talked about this in in the
Times newspaper, okay, that is to say in very
prestigious newspapers abroad, for me it would not be
enough to delete it, I would demand a
rectification if we do not want to go to
court. I am not sure what is happening and what
comes to my mind, if
this is true, they are not going to
take action. Well, I am going to
completely rule out that Queen
Letizia would be ashamed to sue him. Because
if he has not been ashamed of being like this, Well, I do
n't think that she is going to have any qualms about
ruining it for me. What
I do care about is that if we took into account that
the law worked the same for everyone,
including the queen and the king and so on. If
what Jaime del Burgo is saying is true,
maybe it would not be
defamation, uh, an insult, but maybe it would be
a violation of
privacy. If Jaime del Burgo,
when sued, presents more
evidence in court at least to prove that
what he is saying is true.  Well of course Maybe they will
condemn him for
violating privacy But on the other
hand it is proven that what he is
saying is true, I mean there are many
occasions in which they condemn you because what you
are saying is true but it is
part of the privacy not because it is a
lie then the
queen takes a risk with the step to take because if what
Jaime del Burgo is saying is
true and he can prove it in
court then they can condemn him to a
very large amount of money that
maybe he can afford but but it is
proven that the information he gave
is veracious So that would harm the
crown, the Bourbons And it would
leave her family in a bad way, her daughters, not that they
are at an age to see
everything so of course that is what
Jaime del Burgo surely has tied up, that
maybe not anymore, yes, he will bring out
more things eh And that and that is the
fear of suing him, no whatever, we
will see okay I do not know if he could
get a more or lesser sentence because of the
fact that he is messing with the
crown Because if he is not insulting, I understand that  They
would be insults to the
crown. There is a criminal offense called
insults to the crown, but I understand that they
are disrespect, disrespect, I
mean insults, not slander in a
long way. This would be a
violation of privacy. In any
case, no, and a violation of honor in the
event that he is accusing her of
something false. But well, whatever it is, we will
see for now, this medium. Well, he
is telling us that they have already
contacted us and they are trying to
solve it and here I am going to give you a
little of my personal opinion, which I do not
rule out. Okay, I am not saying that it is, but I do not
rule out that this is also a promotion,
a marketing strategy so that
Jaime Peña Fiel's book sells more
because it seems that it is not going very
well, it is not doing very well in terms of
sales, no, and the thing is, of course, if you write a
book to give news, then the
news ends up in the media,
the media echoes it and maybe what it is for, what are they
going to buy the
book for if they find out in the media about all the
gossip, family  Tell me your
opinion, I will be reading the
comments box. Don't forget that if you are
interested in this type of content,
let me know with a good like by
subscribing to the Channel and bye bye.
See you in the next video. A kiss,
family.
[Music]
Oh